"Glitch TV" Was inspired from the major streaming platform twitch. Twitch is a huge streaming platform where average everyday users like you and me can go to live stream content with users, and interact with  their audience. It is a great platform to make money off of hobbies that you do and love..... Under the the biggest requirement of actually becoming popular. Becoming popular means that users will pay you for the content that you generate, your social media status will skyrocket in size as you develop a fan base, and you as a result may be able to make a living off of what you stream. The terrible culture that takes place on this platform, where "Glitch TV" comes from, is how twitch streamers essentially become slaves to their audience.

When you make it big as a twitch streamer, you owe it to your audience to produce content that they paid for. It becomes your job. A free and open (with limitations ofcourse) platform like twitch, its easy for anonymous users to relay feedback to their favorite streamers. Streamers must take any and all feedback that they recieve since twitch viewers pay money to get their message heard. It is a system that really pushes the content creators to abide by the rules, abide by their audience, and to work as consistently and as often as they possibly could in order to make a living, on the same level as a 9 to 5 job.

Glitch TV is a parody of such a system, and acts like a satire version of twitch that is all sunshine and rainbows. The simulation mimics how streamers pretend to act like role models, major league video game players, etc, and the simulation also mimics how twitch as a platform in a brutalist fashion, how twitch heavily endorses the successful streamers over the smaller end ones, and how easy it is for twitch to snatch money away from both streamers and viewers alike.
